## Samples Dashboard

I initially got the api working and then checked to see what information I could use. My aim was to provide possible ideas that could be used for the dashboard even if some changes may need to happen in the back end.

Firstly with the focus on expiry date it would be good to have an expiry date ordering possible for the dashboard. I thought it would be good to let the user know if they have one or more close to expiring. I chose leaving a message at the top of the dashboard to let them know as well as highlighting the expiry dates so they know which ones they need to look at. I then thought it would be good to seperate the Samples out so its easier for the user to see them. As there was only 3 options I added another card to the end to show the total samples they have and then a possible button to create more. I thought there should be something more visual so I put the counts for each of the samples. Unfortunalty if they have more than 50 samples then you would have to go through the pages to get these answers, unless it can be added like the total is. Finally there are some error checks to make sure they have samples

If I could spend more time on it I would add more data onto the lists of samples. Icons may also look good on the dashboard to make it more appealing to the user. I would of also liked to have made the apikey more protected. If I was working on this dashboard at the compnay I could also add links to the samples to go to the right place so they can edit them without having to search. Lastly I would also probably structure the samples Dashboard folder a bit better.
